Update pronoun (#387)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: templates/pull_requests_template.md

You should probably configure a template for the Pull Requests in your project.

This template will give a list of reminders and important points that the developer

> needs to remember when the developer opens a new Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs to remember when opening a new Pull Request.
```
